# Coding Playground in Browser


[Play Demo Here (aka. Brave-Newland)](https://brave-newland.vercel.app/): only regular shapes are supported, custom SVGs and random shapes are on the way :)


A coding playground supports users interact with any objects through simple javascript commands. We have equipped the playground engine with tensorflow.js and a physics engine in the browser to explore more possibilities. This engine has empowered some legacy education games on the corporate platform and developed the potentials of integrating GAN, CNN, etc., artificial intelligence algorithms into those games. One of the most expected is to use this engine to implement a combat system that allows users to teach their agents to learn from the world and compete with each other.


I made this engine with another colleague, whom I also view as my mentor. He was working on maintaining the platform; I was working on maintaining games. We were assigned to develop a new section for AI interactions using tensorflow.js and transfer AI abilities from the backend server to the client end. We had worked together on the Virtual Football Field project and talked a lot about our thoughts on implementing or representing educational games. We went over Scratch, Roblox, Minecraft ... from all the features and histories of successful ones; we were eager to invest in this direction. Therefore, happily taking this chance, we experimented and reconstructed many times to find an ideal solution. I mainly took charge of the graphics and physics part, and he, with more than ten years of experience, designed the flexible and concise structure for various interactions. With such an engine, we reimplemented the legacy games on time and developed new demos that combined legacy games with AI abilities. Previously, we wanted to bring back the Virtual Football project with this new engine and make it the demo of the year. However, it turned out this engine solely was interesting enough that the product committee decided to make it a long-term project.
